CloudStorageManager

The number of computer users who use cloud storage services like Dropbox, Google Drive or OneDrive, is growing. Many of them also use multiple services at the same time. But then often the problem occurs that the management of the storage locations is either very time expensive or is rather confusing. 
When you install the software, the folder you want to synchronize with the cloud services is selected. In addition, the Windows service is installed and required registry entries are made. When the program is started the user must add its cloud accounts, and once (unless he logs off) sign in with his user information. The installed Windows service now synchronizes the selected folder with the cloud services used cyclically, and responds to any change. If one wants to upload a file, this can be done in several ways. You can paste the folder structure the file easily, then this will be uploaded on our intelligent algorithm. If the file to a folder in the folder synchronization is already stored on, for example OneDrive, then this file will be uploaded there. The goal of our intelligent algorithm is to keep the storage of data as efficiently as possible, and optimally divide the space. With a context menu, you can choose by rightclicking on a file or a folder, whether it should be intelligent, or explicitly loaded to a desired cloud. In order to keep the whole thing and save requests via the interface to the cloud, we have implemented a database that stores information such as the path or the file ID is stored. To implement this in simple ways in our project, we decided for the Entity Framework, with which you can "map" the tables to classes, and so easy to work with it in your code.
